Thank you very much. Thank you. Again, we continue to follow the teaching, Dzogchen teaching,
and again, we strengthen our motivation, the motivation of the dual and the appreciation,
and we struggle with the motivation of the body.
And you know all the beings, every living being are the beings of six realms,
trying to bring them to the enlightenment state,
or remove their all suffering the difficult troubles,
and then bring them to the path, from the path to the enlightenment,
then finally, enlightenment state, of kind of having those intentions.
With that purpose, where is that purpose that I'm going to reflect on?
The teaching, practice, meditation, help for all the beings with the genuine body together,
in the heart, in the mind, and with that, and then also according to Dzogchen,
already the teaching of this entire universe, all this very whole universe,
already enlightenment state, already is pure land,
but we don't see it because due to our duality and habitiveness and belonging there,
reality really is all purely states, all the universe is in light, in light, pure land,
and all the beings are enlightened, and as well as our son, each of us,
and those are known as the five dhyana Buddha, five human Buddha,
those are we heard in the teaching many times,
five arrogant, the five male Buddha, the five element, the five human Buddha,
all the lambs in the different parts of the body, the human,
the body's hypothesis, and men and human, those are all made in the teaching,
so those are really the teaching, actually reality it is in that status,
and in order to discover that reality, that truth, truth, of course, we are practicing,
we are practicing and meditating with that, and so now all with this thought,
and then now, here we go to the, again, on the teaching, to celebrate,
and this is again, teaching, Dzokhi teaching, Dzokhi teaching, as we all know,
there's two section of the teachings, those are the two teachings,
Dzokhi teaching, and Dzokhi teaching, really, or sometimes, in the teaching mentioned,
Dzokhi teaching, which is built from the beginning,
and Dzokhi teaching is spontaneous, inherited teachings,
and those are terminologies used to clarify the qualities of these two natures, two natures,
both are united, both are, both are nature of our mind,
it's not something we're talking of the outside qualities,
we're talking about each of our own nature of the mind,
our nature of the mind is built from the beginning of that,
that is the Gada, in the very word, Gada, Gada means built from the beginning,
or, yeah, that's built from the beginning of the Tukyu,
which is great, emptiness practice, teaching, practicing,
and Dzokhi is spontaneous, inherited quality, discovery, instantly,
Dzokhi means leaping over, or discovery,
what we discover, discover and inherit qualities of this, our own nature of the mind,
inherit all the qualities or the richness, discovery, instant,
how, instantly, or toga, and with techniques, techniques and instructions that follows,
follow we discover, so this time, and also these two teachings,
some are named, that Tukyu practices, we don't have to do any particular effort,
is, that's what in the teachings sometimes we use the terminology,
Tukyu teaching is the practice of all the lady peoples,
and the Tukyu, toga practice is those who are the endeavor,
joyful effort, why is it, because Tukyu don't have to do any particular things,
be relaxing, rest, enjoy, and be in that stillness, with the latter postures,
but otherwise there's nothing they need to do,
for those reasons, in the teachings mentioned, there's nothing to meditate,
no meditation is Tukyu meditations, that means, so that means what?
There's no meditation with subject and object, with effort,
just discover the innate nature, exactly as it is nature of the mind,
relax, be bring in that stillness, that's for that reason,
even though it needs effort, but with nature or with solvents,
when we meditate, it's effortless, effort is consumption,
effort is the dualities, and in the teachings said,
the public activity will not lead beyond the public activities,
and so if we activate something, try to do something,
that is not the reason, Tukyu meditations, Tukyu meditations,
as we went through and you all know, it's not something I'm talking,
in a way, just as a mind to all of us, just simply relaxing,
and yesterday we went through that, also the teachings said,
look to the looker, that is, when you look to the looker,
that moment, the thinking of the subject of the to look,
and the way to look that object, subject, object, both are merged,
instant, there is no division, totally kind of openness,
free, fresh, naked, in the transparent, lucid state,
that realization, understanding this nature of the mind,
nature of everything, for that reason, there is nothing to explain,
nothing to say anything, even we want to say there is nothing we can explain,
for that reason, the great master, Thard Kahneman, in his teachings said,
to explain of this profound meaning, even the Buddha's tongue is short,
Buddha's tongue is short, to explain, because there is nothing to explain,
Buddha explained everything, inconceivable, inexpeable, unborn, unseasoned,
pervasive, transparent, beyond the conception, those are the explanations,
there is nothing further more to explain, this is reality, nature,
true nature, ourself, ourself, so discover that nature,
be exactly as it is, then God has to feel from the beginning,
why is it a feel, because in this nature, there is no obscurations,
no negativities, no any kind of defilement,
exactly at all, not even the names, totally feel,
the heavens feel from the beginning, it's not just a feel,
it's easily, it becomes pure, it is pure from the beginning,
beginless times, it is pure, ordinary nature, that is pure from the beginning,
that is, God has to choose, take your power,
that pure from the beginning, openness, inconceivable, transparent, lucid,
and emptiness, that call it, that nature is filled with, in the teachings said,
filled with call it, filled with call it, or call it, maybe I translated, richness,
all the richness, what that means richness, richness of all the enlightenment,
versitums, compassion, loving kindness, five kayas,
all the luxury callers we heard in the sambhokaya,
that luxuries completely with inseparable, with that great emptiness,
we open to the beginning, and how that happened,
that happened in the teachings said, simultaneously,
nobody propagated, nobody made effort to put there,
it's naturally, naturally, it is all there,
All the richness, inconceivable richness, when we live the traditions of those of other very
energetic, the richness scholar of the Sambokayas, just progressive, inconceivable.
Richness, every richness, richness of poems, richness of songs, richness of the smells,
richness of the taste, richness of the touch and richness of the feelings or all the blessings.
It's beyond. It's not consumption. It's not duality. That richness is the inherent nature
of our own, this present mind. Tokara is instantly discovering that, that richness,
discovering instantly, not ready for long way to go through all the path in Bhoomi's.
And the path in Bhoomi in the very end of Mahayana teaching, of course, we will achieve that. But
according Mahayana teaching, we go gradually developing, slowly by slowly, as we advance the
path of Bhoomi's. One after another is a better and a better and a better and a better and then
full-bloom in the way we reach enlightenment, but at home. But Tokara practices. So far,
living all practices. From where? Living all from samsara, instantly to the enlightenment
state. Instantly, in the world of duality, from there, we live up, living all. That's toga.
So those are tech teachings of the toga practices, which is dukkin practices. Dukkin, therefore,
then is called, is the highest teaching of the gracious teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni or Buddha
Samatha Buddha, ever keep, or there's even nothing to give more than that. Everyone is directly
discovered in a natural nugget, teaching the ultimate to discover. And for those days,
many times, Dukkin, the essence of the 84,000, Buddha's teaching, essence of the Buddha's
84,000 teaching, more conventional, more kind of neutralized, neutralized is the dukkin teaching.
And the dukkin teaching, which is the dukka, the tekkyu and the toga teachings. And this time,
we're going through the toga, so in the tokyu teachings. Again, the tekkyu teaching is the
teaching me.